Honesty is more than not lying. It is truth telling, truth speaking, truth living, and truth loving.
Leadership is intelligence, honesty, and doing the right thing.
Be honest, for God is the helper of honest people. Avoid telling lies since it will ruin your faith. Know that honest people are on the verge of nobility and honor, while liars are on the verge of collapse and destruction.
Being honest may not get you a lot of friends but it’ll always get you the right ones.
Honesty is often very hard. The truth is often painful. But the freedom it can bring is worth the trying.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
Confidence... thrives on honesty, on honor, on the sacredness of obligations, on faithful protection and on unselfish performance. Without them it cannot live.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
To believe in something, and not to live it, is dishonest. = Mahatma Gandhi
We are all travelers in the wilderness of this world, and the best we can find in our travels is an honest friend.
Honesty is the first chapter of the book wisdom.
You wear a mask for so long, you forget who you were beneath it.
Honesty is telling the truth to ourselves and others. Integrity is living that truth.
No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.
Let’s tell the truth to people. When people ask, ‘How are you?’ have the nerve sometimes to answer truthfully.
Without courage we cannot practice any other virtue with consistency. We can’t be kind, true, merciful, generous, or honest.
Leading your life honestly and truthfully will create trust and friendship.
Honesty plus love will get you through most situations.
It's difficult to be honest with others when you continue lying to yourself.
Like so many things around happiness, honesty is simple, if not always easy.
Being faithful is not honesty, being truthful is honesty.
Honesty begins with a decision to come out of where God cannot be found.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Honesty is of God and dishonesty of the devil; the devil was a liar from the beginning.
Honesty is a very expensive gift, Don’t expect it from cheap people.
True honesty is hard. Throughout my career, I’ve faced moments where I’ve needed to take an honest look at myself and face some very uncomfortable realities.
Simple honesty of purpose in a man goes a long way in life, if founded on a just estimate of himself and a steady obedience to the rule he knows and feels to be right.
One honest relationship can be more productive than fistfuls of business cards.
Honesty doesn’t always pay, but dishonesty always costs.
